

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.env

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.eslintrc.json

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.gitattributes

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.github/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.gitignore

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.gitpod.yml

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.markdownlint.json

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.netlify/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.npmrc

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.nvmrc

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./.vscode/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./LICENSE

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./README.md

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./TODO.md

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./docs/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./favicon.ico

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./favicon.png

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./functions/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./gatsby-browser.js

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./gatsby-config.js

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./gatsby-node.js

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./gatsby-ssr.js

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./gitpod.yml

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./googled2b1865dedd985a4.html

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./lambda/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./makefile

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./netlify.toml

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./netlify/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./notes/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./package-lock.json

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./package.json

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./plugins/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./site-metadata.json

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./sitemap.xml

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./src/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./stackbit.yaml

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./stackbit.yml

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./static/

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./temp.md

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./temp2.md

git commit -m "update"
git push -u origin master
git add    ./vercel.json
